We have two type of components in React
1)Functional Components
    -These are usually used for static data
    -They cant handle fetching data
    -Their functionality is very limited.
    Analogy to undersatnd this point,
    if we consider a garden hose ,then we can only put water at one end
    and at other end we get water similarly,here we put data at one end and
    get jsx at other end.
    eg.
    const Header = () =>{
    return(<Text>Hello world</Text>);
    }
2)Class Based Compoenents
    -used for dynamic data .
    -can handle fetching data
    -easy to organise large codes because we get many helper methods with them
    -handles any data that might change
    this extends the base class component in react

A class Based component always require a render method.
The only requirement for this method is that it must return something.

A class based component is aware about itself i.e it knows when whats rendering
it knows when its about to be removed

A class based component have lifecycle methods.

 Methods prefixed with will are called right before something happens,
 and methods prefixed with did are called right after something happens.
 mountingmethod

 1) componentWillMount()
componentWillMount() is invoked immediately before mounting occurs.
It is called before render(),
 therefore calling setState() synchronously in this method will not trigger an extra rendering.
Generally, we recommend using the constructor() instead.

Avoid introducing any side-effects or subscriptions in this method.
For those use cases, use componentDidMount() instead.

This is the only lifecycle hook called on server rendering.

State:
  -A plain javascript object used to record and respond to user triggered events
  -Even a component loading up is a user triggered event
  -When we want to update what a component shows we use this.setState();
  -We only change state with setState never this.state
difference between props and state
-parent to child communication -use props
-internal upkeeping of component  - use state

State can only be used with class based components
